Story Recapped here. Today,
I'm going to explain a drama,
horror, sci-fi film called "Under the Skin."
Spoilers ahead! Watch out and take care.
A speck of light bursts across a dark space
in a room and shines over a sphere that
slowly transforms into an eye. During the
transformation, a woman speaks inaudibly.
She adjusts her speech until she's
able to utter recognizable words.
Somewhere in Glasgow, Scotland, a motorcyclist
stops by the side of a road to pick up an
unconscious young woman from a field and
puts her into the back of a white van.
Later, a female undresses the seemingly
dead woman and wears her clothes.
After dressing up, she stares at the
woman as a tear flows from her eye.
As she prepares to leave, the Female sees an ant
crawling on the woman's body, so she bends down
and picks it up. She allows it to crawl on her
fingers as she curiously observes the insect.
Up in the sky, strange lights covered by
thick clouds hover on top of a tall building,
slowly moving away from each other. Meanwhile,
the Female leaves a dilapidated house as the
Motorcyclist unloads his bike from the van. After
the Motorcyclist takes off, the Female goes to a
mall to buy some clothes and accessories. Back
in the van, the Female puts her lipstick on then
drives through the streets of Glasgow, observing
the people walking by. Not long, a man alone
on the sidewalk catches her watchful eye, so she
calls his attention by honking the horn. When the
man approaches the van, she rolls down her window
and asks him for directions to the M8 motorway.
After the man gives her the directions,
she asks the man if he's busy.
The man tells the Female he's going to meet
someone, so she lets him go on his way.
Later, she asks another man for directions
to the post office. The Female attempts to
get acquainted with the man by asking
him for some personal information.
However, she becomes disinterested when
the man tells her that he has a family.
When the Female spots another man on the
highway, she tells him that she got lost
looking for the M8. Before the man could give her
the directions, she asks him if he's walking to
be home with his family. When she learns that
he is living by himself, she offers him a ride.
When the man hops into the van, she asks
him what he likes about being alone. The
man tells her there's no one to nag him. The man
doesn't seem to attract the Female's interest,
so she lets him out of the van and
continues driving through the streets.
After a while, the Female comes across
another man starts conversing with him.
When she hears his friend calling
for him, she takes off immediately.
Finally, the Female manages to pick up a man that
seems to amuse her. As they drive, the Female asks
the man if he has a girlfriend. After learning
that the man is unattached, she starts flirting
with him by complimenting his looks. The man
responds by telling her that she looks gorgeous.
When they arrive at the house, the
man cheerfully follows the Female,
excited by the thought of sleeping with her.
Inside, she starts taking off her clothes as
she looks seductively at the man. The man strips
off his clothes as well while he walks after her.
As the man goes further, he starts sinking into
the floor that appears to be made of liquid.
When the man is submerged, she
walks back and picks up her clothes.
Later that night, the Female goes on the
prowl again, but she couldn't find anyone
that pleases her eye. The following day,
she goes to a beach and tries to pick up
a swimmer by waiting by his towel. She asks
the Swimmer for a good spot to surf, but he
tells the Female that he's still not familiar
with the place. He had set up a tent nearby,
spending most of his time swimming and reading.
The Swimmer discloses that he's from the Czech
Republic, and he went on a trip to Scotland
because he wanted to go somewhere secluded.
Their conversation is interrupted when they see a
woman struggling to swim to the shore. The Swimmer
hesitates to save her, but when he sees another
man running towards her, he runs over to help.
The woman soon gets lost in the water, so the
Swimmer rescues the other man trying to save her.
The Female watches the rescue attempt, but
she's utterly apathetic to their predicament.
When they reach the shore, the man swims back
into the sea to find the woman. The Swimmer,
exhausted from being battered by the waves,
just lies on the shore and doesn't stop the man.
The Female walks toward the Swimmer
and hits him in the head with a rock.
Later, she drags the body across the
beach while ignoring a crying baby nearby.
The Female heads back to the dilapidated house
with the unconscious Swimmer on the passenger's
seat. Later that night, the Motorcyclist
folds up the tent that appears to belong to
the Swimmer while the baby cries alone near
the shore. The Motorcyclist picks a piece
of clothing on the ground near the infant,
but he completely ignores the wailing child.
Soon, the Female drives around the city again
with the intent of picking up another man.
A man in another car hollers at her during a stop
at an intersection, but she couldn't understand
him. The car drives away, but the Female manages
to catch up to the man as he walks toward a club.
She tries to follow him, but she quickly
turns around when she sees a large crowd.
As the Female walks away, she comes across a group
of women who drag her with them into the bar.
The confused Female doesn't know what to do, so
she joins them. The Female, unsettled by the crowd
and the loud music, couldn't stay long inside, so
she finds her way out. When she walks into another
door, she finds herself in an underground lounge
area where she comes across the man who hollered
at her earlier. The man offers to buy her a
drink in the hopes that they could spend some
time together. He is surprised when the Female
tells him that she saw him on the road earlier.
After dancing for a while, the Female takes him to
the dark room at the house. The man dances in the
dark, oblivious to the strange surroundings,
as the Female takes off her clothes. When
the man removes his pants, the Female starts
walking backward, enticing him to follow her.
Soon, he sinks into the dark liquid, but he still
gazes at the Female without any concern about his
current predicament. As she walks off, the man
starts to show signs of confusion as he observes
the Female from below. When the Female leaves,
he looks at his surroundings and sees another
man in front of him. He reaches out to touch the
other man's hand, but he suddenly drifts away.
Soon, the other man's body appears to implode,
leaving nothing but his skin. Afterward,
the man's pulverized remains are funneled to
a trough that leads to an opening on the wall.
The following day, a man from another car buys
her a rose while she's stuck in a traffic jam.
When she looks at the rose, she notices some
blood on the covering. The Female is alarmed
by the sight of blood on her hands, but she is
somewhat relieved when she sees that it came from
the wound on the flower peddler's hand. When the
Female listens to the radio, she hears a report
stating that a man's body has been found washed
up on the beach. His wife and 18-month-old child
are still missing, but the police had to stop
the search due to the thick fog in the area.
As the Female continues driving around the city,
she starts observing other women walking on the
streets. Soon, she meets another man and
takes him for a ride. The man expresses his
admiration for her, telling her that there's
something about her eyes that captivates him.
She smiles at him to feign interest, but she
immediately turns her attention back to the road.
When she takes him to the house, the man
hesitantly follows her. Later on, the woman
is approached by the Motorcyclist in the dark as
she applies lipstick. After examining the Female,
the Motorcyclist stares deep into her eyes as
if he's communicating with her telepathically.
After the Motorcyclist leaves, the Female gets
out of the house and walks on the streets alone.
When she stumbles to the ground,
she remains to lie face down,
dumbfounded by the experience. The Female
finally gets up when a man helps her.
As she continues walking around the
city, she observes the people around her.
When the Female drives around
the city in her van again,
a group of rowdy men approaches her and
bangs on the vehicle while she's parked.
Instead of panicking, She calmly drives away
to find other men to take back to the house.
The Female soon spots a man walking alone,
so he asks him for direction to Taynuilt.
When she learns that he's headed to the
supermarket along the way, she offers him a ride.
When the man gets inside the van, he takes off
his hood, revealing his disfigured face. She asks
him why he shops at night, so the Disfigured Man
tells him that people bother him during the day
because they're ignorant. As she asks him more
questions, she learns that the man has never
had a girlfriend. Soon, the Female stops at a
corner, asking him if he wants to look at her.
She tells him that she liked the feeling
when she noticed him staring at her.
The Disfigured Man starts to feel uncomfortable,
but he denies it when the Female points it out.
He insists that he just wants to go to the
supermarket. When the Female asks him if he
ever thinks about being with a girl, the man
doesn't respond. She takes his hand and lets
him touch her face. When she learns that
he liked it, she lets him touch her neck.
After a while, the Female tells the man that she
has a place nearby and invites him to come with
her. Inside the dilapidated house, they come
across a strange figure walking in the dark.
She tells the Disfigured Man that he won't let the
strange figure stop them. When the man looks back
at the figure, she tells him to pay attention
to her as she walks backward and undresses.
As they walk in the dark, the man tells himself
that he's dreaming. The Female, now fully naked,
concurs as she walks backward. She continues
walking as the disfigured man sinks to the floor.
Later on, the Female walks down the stairs
and looks at herself closely in the mirror.
Not long after, the Female walks out
of the house with the Disfigured Man.
Still naked, the man walks across a field
as the Female watches him from her van.
Meanwhile, the Motorcyclist stops by a
house and smashes a parked car’s window.
After opening the trunk, he walks to a garden
and approaches the Deformed Man as he climbs
through the fence. Afterward, he puts the
Deformed Man on the trunk and drives away.
While driving down the highway, the Female comes
across a thick fog, leaving the van and walking.
She stops by near a beach and listens to someone
singing close by. Meanwhile, the Motorcyclist
stares at himself in the mirror in the house as
he tries to figure out where the Female went.
After a long walk, the Female ends up in
a restaurant, where she orders a slice
of chocolate cake. She takes a small
piece and slowly puts it in her mouth,
only choking and spitting it out. While
she's walking away from the restaurant,
a man tells her that the bus will be arriving
shortly, so she decides to wait at the bus stop.
When she gets on the bus, the driver warns
her that she might freeze because she's not
dressed for the weather. Another man on the bus
approaches her and asks her if she needs help.
The driver tells him to leave her alone, but the
Female tells the man that she does need help.
After getting off the bus, the Female, now
wearing the man's jacket, follows him to a
grocery store. As the man shops for food, she
wanders around the store, bewildered by the
different items being sold. When they reach the
man's house, he prepares them something to eat.
She ignores the food and turns her attention
to the T.V., showing a man performing stand-up
comedy. She watches the T.V. intently, trying to
understand what's causing the audience to laugh.
When the man plays music on the radio, she starts
tapping her fingers on the kitchen table. That
night, the man brings tea to her room and tells
her goodnight. Instead of going to bed, the Female
looks at her naked body in the mirror, moving
her legs and arms. Elsewhere, the Motorcyclist
meets up with three others, but they split in
different directions to look for the Female.
The man and the woman take a walk in the
woods and stop by an abandoned castle.
The man notices that she appears to be cowering in
the corner, so he asks her if she wants to leave.
He leads her down the stairs and takes her
home. That night, the Female allows the man
to kiss her. She closes her eyes and waits
as if she's doing it for the very first time.
When they get to bed, he strips off her
clothes as the Female lets him take control.
However, the man struggles as he tries to
penetrate her. When she suddenly feels something,
she stops the man and grabs a lamp to
look at her private parts. The confused
man asks her if she's alright, but she just
stares at the window through the curtains.
In the morning, the Female takes a walk in the
woods on her own. Along the way, she comes across
a logger who tells her to be careful because it's
slippery around the forest due to the weather.
The Logger assures her that she won't
get lost because the pathways are marked.
Before going on his way, the Logger
tells the female to enjoy her walk.
Meanwhile, the Motorcyclist cruises along
the highway in search of the Female.
Soon, the Female comes across a cabin, so she
decides to rest there for a while. She slides into
a corner of the room and sleeps there. However,
she is soon jolted awake when he feels someone
aggressively stroking her legs. She runs towards
the woods and hides on a massive rock for a while,
but she soon emerges when she sees no one pursuing
her. When she gets to the road, she comes across a
logging truck and goes inside. She looks around
and tries to start it, but the keys aren't on
the ignition. When she sees the Logger on the
road, she honks the horn to alert other people.
With no one coming to her rescue, she gets
off the truck and runs back to the woods.
The Logger chases her and soon catches up to her.
The Logger pins her down and forcefully strips off
her clothes. The Female, terrified and confused,
struggles as the Logger continues to force himself
on her. When the Logger pulls off her bra,
he realizes that he had ripped off her skin.
When he looks at the Female, he is startled to see
her pitch-black flesh underneath the torn skin.
The Logger runs away as the
Female tries to gather herself.
The Female feels her way around the woods,
strolling and trying to hold herself together.
She then decides to remove the torn
skin, revealing her proper form.
She kneels, looking at the human face as it blinks
at her. Later on, the Logger sneaks up on her and
pours gasoline on her body. The Female gets up
and walks away as the Logger lights up the fuel.
As the flames reach her, she does not scream,
but she runs out of the woods and collapses on
the snow. Elsewhere, the Motorcyclist stands
on a hilltop, looking in all directions, still
trying to find the Female, who has been reduced
to ashes as the snow slowly extinguishes the fire.